Running Ideas (add as much as you want)

Lyric Game: Pair Genius API with Youtube API to make a Game
The game can work like hangman/wordle
Provide a string of lyrics from a random song (maybe recently popular or top all time?), with each guess (maybe up to 4-5?) a new lyric is added until guesses run out or the person gets it
Always at the end of the game, the song on YouTube is played (if it is available, so it may be better to do more popular songs)

Movie Connection Game: Pair IMDb API & an API to get quotes of the movie or Twitter API to be able to tweet your score?
Starting with a given movie, try to List as many movies as possible that have connections (that are not repeated) 
Ex: Avengers (Given)  -> Snowpiercer (Chris Evans) -> Parasite (Bong Joon-ho)

Playlist Data - Pair Spotify with QuickChart API to produce a chart of the variety of genres listened to recently/in playlists, and within each genre provide the artist, and recommend some new artists/songs. 

Song Game: Pair Spotify API & Genius API to get lyrics from the song? Twitter API to be able to tweet your score?
Try to list as many songs from an artist as possible 

Dif Movie Game: pair Letterboxd API and IMDb API to try to match the letterboxd review to the movie
Maybe with each guess, reveal genre, lead actors, or smth else
-Jack: this is interesting, you could also maybe censor the movies name in the review if it is mentioned at all/or other items

Geogussr: Google Maps API and unique Spotify playlist for wherever you are dropped in the world

Create a Vision OS App: Combine two simple API’s and just print them onto a Vision OS app

Best Song for a Roadtrip: Combine Google Maps (or any Maps API) to get where someone is going, Use a Car API to check what car they are driving, Use Spotify API to get the song, Maybe you can even use Weather API for different types of mood?

Clothes to wear for the day: Create a clothing fit based on day, weather, maybe stars, location, etc. NASA API, weather API, clothes API, maybe maps API. Maybe if you want sustainable fashion API as well

Flight Finder: Find flights using Flight API and a carbon offset API. If you want to limit your search to only a certain amount of carbon offset. And find flights based on other preferences. Use weather app to provide weather for the day.
